it's refreshing to be in to be in a
place where people feel comfortable
yelling at each other on the street New
York really is the original Twitter and
on that subject how many of you have
seen the notorious bagel boss video the
bagel boss you don't know okay that's a
bit of yet if you haven't seen it take a
look why is it okay for women to say oh
you're fine feet are dating sites we
should be dead that's okay nobody women
in general I've settled on dating sites
you think I'm making that up everywhere
I go I get to see smart with the biting
lip shut your mouth you're not God or my
father or my fourth Duke one step
outside you wanna step outside it's it's
a great video I've watched it like 25
times
so you know those commercials that were
to have people come out of the theater
on Broadway giving a rave review to the
show they just saw well we went to
midtown with a poster for a made-up
musical about the bagel boss guy and we
asked New Yorkers who obviously haven't
seen it to talk about how much they love
it we're out here shooting a commercial
for an upcoming musical called bagel
boss starring Jason Alexander as bagel
boss can you just look in the camera and
act like you just came out of bagel boss
and you loved it
go ahead great musical had a time of my
life
ups and downs highly recommend honestly
this was one of the funniest shows that
I've ever seen I like the the comedy the
laughter actually it's a drama it's
about a man's rage against society and
his anger issues about women oh it was
good I just loved it moving and moving
he's mad too you know spectacular it was
great it was cheerful I was tearing my
eyes I was laughing can stop crying
cracking up how about if you say at home
my husband is the boss but on Broadway
bagel boss is the boss down the bagel
bucket right in the bigger bucket that's
how tall are you 5 9 I think we're
looking for some short people because
he's short and he's angry at God about
his shortness me know my short friends
got the baby boy because he's short to
say something like Jason Alexander had
me laughing so hard I wet my pants and
had to sit my own urine for most of the
show that's kind of gross a woman
wouldn't say that we're trying to get
some generational things
can I bring in someone younger Jason
Alexander made my mom laughed so hard
she peed her pants and she sat in her
own urine the entire show children no
beggar bought taped women but women love
bagel boss yeah let's try that one more
time a little bit bigger energy and
you'd be a little sexier bagel bot hates
women but women love bagel boy well I
just came out and what's bagel boss
Scott it was so awesome that's great
are you Jewish reven a really hard time
finding Jewish people out here in New
York can you do me a favor can you
pretend to be Jewish hold on the maghreb
yarmulke real quick I'm Jewish and obey
I love the bag of all the trying to
appeal to a bunch of different
demographics can I get you to put on a
quick costume or two just come on as a
baker from Bayside bagel boss is hot and
fresh as a bike messenger from the Bronx
bagel boss is a wild ride as the garbage
man from Gowanus nothing stinks about
bagel boss as a sign spinner from Staten
Island I flip over baby
as a plumber from Poughkeepsie bagel
balls pulled out all the stops and the
lumberjack from hacking set
you can't ask gotta show as a butcher
from Bushwick bagel boss is grade a
prime as a magician from Manhattan bagel
boss is fabrica Deborah as an OBGYN from
ozone park you die you're late laughing
as a hobo from Soho bagel boss is better
than the can of beans I have the judge
from Jamaica i sentence you to a night
of fun as a rat catcher from Ronkonkoma
I'm glad I called bagel boss as a
hopeful Park Slope bagel boss is
heavenly as a lifeguard from Little Neck
bagel boss is a splash as a band water
from Bayonne bagel boss is a pisser the
bagel boss is a whole lot of fun take it
from me Sugar Ray Leonard bagel boss
[Applause]
we happened upon Sugar Ray Leonard we
knew her onto something special so we
wrote some songs recruited some actors
and here now with the opening number
from the soon-to-be Tony Award nominated
Broadway show I'm pleased to present
bagel boss the musical a cheerful place
to grab a bite where no one ever would
pick up
[Music]
Oh
it's true
no one's ever angry here not even get
some only sang taek's ain't right
[Applause]
hey my finger is blowing up this could
be the one when you said you were down
to earth I didn't know you meant it
literally I mean
there's a place that I gotta go to drown
my sorrows in a pound of go to lay these
that I try to date because drive our
Barbie car I'll order your drink
[Music]
the ladies just see my lonely I and
never ever ever swipe right hot scrub
it's their loss of the bagel boss
short temper huh I said short temper why
is it okay for ladies to say you're five
feet I'm dating sites you you should be
dead
that's okay here nobody women in general
have sent it on dating sites well you
think I'm making it up everywhere I go I
get that smirk with a biting lip leave
it calm down there's gonna be a fire hey
dude
do you want to step outside you want to
step outside huh I ain't afraid of you
pal
shut up yo shut up shut your mouth
you're not God you're not my father
you're not my boss
your saga and your thoughts with
disgusting sauce
quit your bitching peewee I can't take
your bagel book anymore I've got bigger
fish to fry
I got to solve climate change and I've
got a cure to the mini yo hey hey God
listen while you're at it could you fix
the l-train
not even God can fix the l-train hey
listen God if you make me taller I
promise I will never bother you again I
will say your name I won't go to church
I won't even celebrate Christmas you got
a deal but yeah your ding dong
what about it it's gonna say the same
size I can live with that
so shall I be sad so shall it be done
any mini money mo not this look bro
[Applause]
[Music]
hey baby you doing anything tonight yeah
you swing
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on